most beautiful, all young lovers
engines and welcome this new one
episode of we discover the engine
today as requested by the youtubers cones
we will explain the operation of the engine
I also said rotary the engine
wankel is an internal combustion engine
rotary type since the piston does not
moves in rectilinear alternating motion but
wheel around an axis was presented
in 1957 from felix quant is the first
car driven by a wankel fu engine
in 1963 the nsu spider despite the
rotor pier had a displacement of
only 498 cc develops a power of 50
horses and pushed the car to over 150
kilometers per hour
Now let's skip the story and talk about the
its functioning
the wankel operating principle
it's very simple with pistoia 3 lobby
redness rotates eccentrically around
to the crankshaft generating with his
moving work chambers inside
of which are performed cyclically
four classes that talk about that of
combustion and suction compression
exhaust
let's talk about its advantages
fewer moving parts
with the least noise and minor
high vibration due to lightness
to the reduced and elevated dimensions
a lower weight ratio power
pollutant emission of nitrogen oxides
due to lower average temperatures of
gas still greater power at the same level
displacement compared to a motor has
need an alternative simplicity
design and maintenance of the disadvantages
however, only poor durability of the elements
tightness of the torque rotor contained in
low consumption rotation rates of
fuel in general greater respect
to the problematic alternative engine
lubrication of the apical segments and
rate behind much unburned carbides
high volume can therefore be inferred that
the wankel engine is for enthusiasts
regardless of consumption and costs
management and maintenance of this type of
engine can also be equipped with
supercharging systems like one
turbine or volumetric compressor
at the moment the mankell is developed
only from the mazda in fact the only one
car rotary engine approved for
road present on the market currently
is the famous rx8 the finished masa of
produce the engine of the rx 8 in 2012
but he is working on new projects
innovative on rotary promising to
enthusiasts to produce new cars of the
within the next five years
let's finish this presentation
listening to the mythical sound of this
fantastic engine
Yes No
no